Good morning.... I am (name) with plymouth Id (number). I am going to demonstrate my final project and now i will share my slides


First I will give an introduction about my project. 

Problem

A major problem facing patients today is the inability to keep all their past and recent medical records in order and securely. 
Traditional paper-based systems for storing medical records have proven to be inefficient, disorganized, prone to errors and have privacy issues. 
Moreover, the lack of accessibility and portability of medical records poses significant challenges for patients and healthcare providers.
In response to these challenges, EMR and EHR systems were introduced 
and it enhance patient safety, reduce errors and provide easier access to information. 
The main problem is that these systems are not patient based where all the records are saved in hospital databases and
patients doesnt have access to their private reports and medical health status. Even though we make a patient based system it is
a centeralized system which leads to security risks which leads to unauthorized access to sensitive patient data. Centralized 
systems are prone to system failures and downtime which can disrupt the availability and accessibility of healthcare 
services and records.
  

Moving on to the next slide. 

As a solution for this problem I want to develop a patient based system where patients have the privillege to access their own health reports and information. 
So I did some research to find a better way to address these problems. As a result of that I have used blockchain technology to give a better solution for the major problems in health care sector.
Blockchain provides a secure, transparent, and immutable platform for storing sensitive medical data 
and ensuring the integrity and privacy of patient information. 
Blockchain offers resistance to data tampering, transparency in transactions, and 
verifiability of information. It empowers patients to have control over their own medical 
records while allowing authorized healthcare providers to access relevant information securely.

This is a decentralized patient based system that mainly focuses on patients and doctors
and the system doesnt have any intermediate connections with other parties like hospitals.

Next I will move on to the project demonstration



Project Demo

First we should connect to a local blockchain through the Ganache software
which the connection is made using the truffleconfig.js file. 

React framework is used to develop the website and next.js is used to 
run the server. Server will run through the port 3000. Then we can load the website. 

This the dashboard. You can see this the number of patient records, number of doctors, number of
appointments and number of permission granted. first chart shows number of doctors and patients in the current year. Second chart shows the number of medical records added.

Patient need to create an account. For now im using a local 
blockchain so we need to import an account. We need to take the private key and go
to the metamass wallet and import the account. Then the patient need to connect to the
website. If the patient has an account already they will asked to
connect to the website once. After that they will be connected 
everytime they access the website. 

Then the patient can register their account by providing details
to this page. When we click the create button. will be directed to the metamass
because we should upload the details to the deployed contract. User need to pay a gas fee
to create or update data into the blockchain.For a data retrieval a payment is not made

Then we click on confirm. User will be directed to the medical
record system. Then we can view our medical record from this list.

Then to create a doctor account. We should follow the same method as patient. Should take
a private key to the metamass and import an account. After the connection we can register
doctor details as you can see. 

Then we need to change to the patient account because patient details only can be viewed
using that particular account. By clicking the view profile button we can see the data added
by a patient and the medical records added by the doctor.

From the edit option a patient can update their profile details. For an update its necessary
to make a payment through the metamass wallet. 

Allow access option gives the ability to give access to a doctor to add 
medical records into a patient account. To complete this action we need the meta mass wallet's account address 
of the doctor account. Then we get a notification. After this process doctor can view and add medical records
to the patient profileFrom this page we can give access to both patient and doctor. Only a doctor can add medical 
records a patient is restricted from that option.

If we want to remove the access we can do this using this page.


Then we'll go to the doctor account. Using the view profile option
we can view the profile of the doctor. Then from the edit option we can edit
the doctor details. From this option doctor can add medical records or prescriptions
to patients. First we need to take the patient address from this and paste it in this text field. Then after filling the data we can 
click on create button. Then the medical records will be saved in the particular patient account. 

 
Then from the medical list doctor can view the medical records of the patient who have given
access. 

From this page doctor can update the medical records of the patient who has granted the access




Thats all for my presentation.... Thankyou
  